Hyperledger Fabric serves as the foundation for developing applications or solutions with a modular architecture. It allows interchangeable components, including consensus and membership services, enabling a plug-and-play environment.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer of contracts, I need to be able to get access to the the 'transactional context' that the current method is operating in.    This will give access to the stub and other APIs.           Node.js passes this is as the first parameter to any function. Consideration that within Java to help with thread-safety perhaps the instance of the object should be created per transaction.    Saftey vs Performance"
U2: "As a fabric consumer, I expect the protos packages to include externally consumable artifacts yet the protos packages contain a collection of generated code, utilities, and extensions to proto objects.    Let's begin to clean this up by moving protos/utils to protoutils"
U3: "As a fabric consumer, I expect the protos packages to include externally consumable artifacts yet the protos packages contain a collection of generated code, utilities, and extensions to proto objects.    Let's begin to clean this up by moving protos/utils to protoutils"
U4: "As a user of Fabric 1.4, LTS, I'd like to benefit from the Kafka health checks introduced into the master branch."
U5: "As an org with channel Reader permission, I should be able to invoke chaincode that queries channel ledger data.    Currently you must have channel Writer permission to invoke a chaincode that only queries (reads) channel ledger data.  This does not make sense and has caused problems for many users.    We should either check access control based on the actual chaincode operations performed (e.g. Puts vs Gets), or we should make this explicit and introduce a read-only Invoke that can only do Gets (no Puts) that channel Readers can call.  "
U6: "As a Blockchain Developer, I would like to explicitly set my peer's external endpoint advertised to SDK users in Service Discovery, so that I can use Service Discovery to discover peers without implementing a DNS.         Motivation:    As an application developer, I host my fabric network on a docker network. I use the node Fabric SDK on my application to discover other peers in the network so that I can send endorsement proposals to them.    Currently we use the PEER_GOSSIP_EXTERNALENDPOINT option on the peer for advertising the peer's url in the SDK. However, as the peers are hosted in a docker network (non-host network), the URLs used are only discoverable within the docker network. If I choose to use my host's hostname in that option, the docker containers are unable to bind to that address.    The current work around is to implement a DNS for my client applications to use, and use external port mappings to map to the internal ports the peers are listening on.    We propose to have such an option to speed up development of our applications and networks."
U7: "As a an operator, I would like to use the operations service to get an orderer's/peer's version. For one thing, this will help operator know when a sufficient number of orderers/peers have been upgraded such that a channel can be upgraded to the latest capability. For example, an operator may display an 'upgrade channel capability' button on a channel when a sufficient number of peers/orderers have been upgraded."
U8: "As a hyperledger fabric beginner and golang developer, samples should be written in an expression appropriate to the language's characteristics."