Hyperledger Fabric serves as the foundation for developing applications or solutions with a modular architecture. It allows interchangeable components, including consensus and membership services, enabling a plug-and-play environment.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a new visitor, I should be able to quickly get started and should be able to find what I need."
U2: "As a peer wishing to create a channel for private transactions with another peer (or peers), I need to know what the new-channel configuration transaction looks like (fields, values, etc.). This is essentially the transaction that the API described FAB-687 will create.    Part of this (or all of this) may be covered by: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/1795/"
U3: "As an owner of a peer on the BC network, I need the ability to upgrade the peer if there is a change in the protocol without loss of data.     With lifecycle chaincode, I can upgrade the chaincode. I also have the ability to apply patches/fixes if it does not apply to the protocol change itself via the SCC. Eventually I will have to accommodate this sort of change, in case there is a security vulnerability or something else that requires a major alteration. "
U4: "As a developer, I want to fix the other portions in the ledger code and ledger tests that still use old block structure. This did not get caught in https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2581 because, the construction of transaction for tests was also being done with in ledger tests.    I also want to remove the explicit dependency of ledger unit test on msp security related stuff."
U5: "As a hyperledger fabric project representative, I would like to explain and show with visual aids and scripts to collaborators and potential customers the present architecture and behavior of fabric v1.0 (as of the end of Nov, approx sprint 6)."
U6: "as a potential Fabric application developer, I want to have up-to-date documentation while v1.0 is under development. Specifically, I want to be directed to v0.6 if I am looking for stable operational platform, and I want to have documentation about how to use the v1.0 Fabric as it is being developed."
U7: "As a matter of fact, we should also put some sanity check: we can only be asked to invoke LCCC or any normal chaincode, nothing else.."
U8: "As a developer, I need a Node SDK, so I develop application with NodeJS to interact with blockchain. "