Hyperledger Fabric serves as the foundation for developing applications or solutions with a modular architecture. It allows interchangeable components, including consensus and membership services, enabling a plug-and-play environment.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As an application developer, I want to provide friendly name to identify a chain code, so I can more easily manage and debug chain code."
U2: "As a chaincode developer, I want use life cycle system cc to manage deployment policies for chain codes"
U3: "As an application developer, I want documentation for upgrade flows"
U4: "As application developer, I want an easy way to deploy and test my app by only having a single orderer process.    This refers to the 'Solo' ordering process.  This will be a simple to deploy, minimal code ordering process.  Because there is only one process, no 'consensus' need be reached between multiple processes, so this is largely as simple as having multiple clients write into a buffered channel, with a single thread reading it, and creating batches/blocks.    The deliver side is only slightly more complicated, as to allow for disconnection and reconnection, the orderer service must allow history to be discovered.  This requires implementing a simple in RAM ledger, and allowing individual clients to seek within it.  "
U5: "as a developer, I can find the Hyperledger Fabric code on GitHub so that I can explore it without needing access to Gerrit"
U6: "As a developer I need the ability to access a state cache so that we can help submitters quickly build the rw-set. This will also lead to better performance. "
U7: "as a developer, I can find the hyperledger fabric documentation easily so that I can develop chaincode and applications.    Ideally, the documentation for all hyperledger projects can be easily found at hyperledger.org."
U8: "as an operator, I should have a cli that I can easily install that lets me interact with the various components of the fabric    The current peer commands are entangled with the validating peer capability, which means that building and installing a peer for Mac and Windows is complicated by the need to have RocksDB etc installed.    We can extract the peer commands into a separate component that is not dependent on the internals of the peer node, that can be simply installed as a platform-specific binary."