The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer, I'd like to create EC2 AMI with the necessary packages so that I can run the Kafka Perf tests."
U2: "As a developer, I'd like to add load generator _source_ module so that I could use it for performance testing use-cases.  "
U3: "As a developer, I'd like to add load receiving _sink_ module so that I can measure received throughput"
U4: "As a build manager, I'd like to schedule CI builds for windows so that I can verify XD runtime features/functionality.  The scope is to isolate the remaining test failures; perhaps, experiment with new AMI images until we have a solid infrastructure to fix the failing tests."
U5: "As a developer, I'd like to fix the offset management with Kafka _source_ module so that I can efficiently perform fetch operation from the given offsets."
U6: "As a developer, I'd like to measure performance numbers for a simple stream so that I can characterize the overall throughput. "
U7: "As a PM, I'd like to have a static _gh_pages_ to organize the collateral such as samples, tutorials, links, perf. benchmarks and ref. architectures so that it's easy for anyone to quickly get up and running on XD."
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to continue Lattice/Diego POC so that I can identify the scope, risks, and the overall design for a pluggable SPI in XD runtime."