The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a Flo user, I'd like to have {{timeout}} and {{pollInterval}} as global options at the DSL level, so I can override the defaults at will. "
U2: "As a developer, I'd like to upgrade to SI 4.2.1 release, so I can take advantage of the latest improvements."
U3: "As a developer, I'd like to review and refactor {{JobLaunchingTasklet}}, so I can improve performance characteristics. "
U4: "As a developer, I'd like to enhance test coverage to capture DSL and XML generation variants. "
U5: "As a user, I'd like to use SpEL expressions inline at the stream definition level, so I can operate on the payload consistently while using any OOTB, including the custom modules. "
U6: "As a user, I'd like to refer to 'job orchestration' documentation, so I can use it as guideline for building batch workflows.  "
U7: "As a developer, I'd like to add {{undeployed}} status for YARN SPI, so I can represent the correct status instead of the current {{unknown}} state."
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to split {{admin}} artifact packaged with hadoop distro specific libraries, so I could avoid adding all variations of hadoop libraries under one project. "