The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer, I'd like to add {{undeployed}} status for Mesos SPI, so I can represent the correct status instead of the current {{unknown}} state."
U2: "As a developer, I'd like to be able to clean Rabbit binder broker artifacts using the REST API.  When the Rabbit Bus was ported from XD, the bus cleaner was ported as {{RabbitBindingCleaner}} but the REST API to invoke it was not ported over."
U3: "As a developer, I'd like to optimize YARN deployer, so I can deploy stream and the modules part of the definition rapidly."
U4: "As a developer, I'd like to upgrade to 2.2.1 GA release, so I can leverage the latest improvements without breaking backwards compatibility. SHDP 2.3.0 uses Boot 1.3 and HDP and CDH versions that drop older Hive support. To avoid breaking changes we should instead use SHDP 2.2.1 that has backported any improvements that we need as well as move Spring and Hadoop versions to more recent ones."
U5: "As a developer, I'd like to upgrade to SI 4.2.2.GA release, so I can leverage the latest improvements."
U6: "As a developer, I want to be able to set a partitioning key for the Kafka bus even when there is a single downstream module, so that I can take advantage of the native Kafka partitioning and message ordering support."
U7: "As a developer, I'd like to upgrade Boot and Spring Cloud Build revisions, so I can leverage the latest updates."
U8: "As a developer, I'd want to document the limitations of HSQL DB when using composed jobs. "