The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer, I'd like to add an option to support Apache Ambari installed Spring XD on YARN, so I can easily establish the cluster up and running."
U2: "As a developer, I'd like to use spring-cloud-config server for spring-bus modules, so I can centrally manage external properties."
U3: "As a developer, I'd like to investigate channel performance issues in SI 4.2, so I can determine the bottlenecks and take corrective actions to improve overall channel performance. "
U4: "As a developer, I'd like to measure the baseline serialization characteristics in XD, so I can determine the areas of performance improvements. "
U5: "As a spring-bus lead, I'd like to review the current spring-bus architecture and the design specs, so I can address any foundation level gaps."
U6: "As a user, I'd like to upgrade Spring XD from 1.2 RC to 1.2 GA using the Ambari plugin, so I can work on the latest release bits. I'd like to refer to the documentation to do so."
U7: "As a user I would like to use fsUri = file:// to use Hadoop LocalFileSystem instead of a running cluster. In my use case my data scientist team requested to provide me a local CSV of data that is being loaded using jdbchdfs job. The quickest way to solve this was to change the fsUri to file://. and it should have just worked.   This will work alright for singlenode setups, for multiple containers hosted on multiple machines will split the file across different machines - but then I believe it is fair to assume that the developer must know what he is doing."
U8: "As a user, I'd like to have the option to specify system properties that will be passed in to the Sqoop job which runs in it's own Java process. This is needed for defining memory usage and also for defining some options for various connector implementations."