The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a module author, I want to be able to test my code in ""next to real world"" conditions (ie Integration Testing, but not really): - I want all my module wiring to be testable - I want all my module configuration (@ConfigurationProperties) to be in effect, and I want to be able to test various combination of props - I want to be able to send data to my module and assert what is coming at the other end - I want an idiomatic way of asserting the above (eg integration with Hamcrest, etc) - I DONT want to have to send data to an actual bus (redis, rabbit, etc)"
U2: "As an s-c-d developer, I'd like to investigate the distributed deployment of s-c-s modules on YARN, so I can experiment the implementation of YARN SPI and derive the strategy for {{YARNModuleDeployer}}."
U3: "As a Spring XD developer, I'd like to move {{trigger}} module from XD to s-c-s repo, so I can use it as source to build streaming pipeline. "
U4: "As a Spring XD user, I'd like to use redis/sentinel cluster as the 'message bus', so I could create streams and batch pipelines."
U5: "As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to upgrade {{receptor-client}} to comply with latest {{Receptor}} API changes, so I can sync-up and take advantage of the recent improvements. "
U6: "As a user I should be able to use the existing admin UI client for spring-cloud-data admin with the appropriate server configurations."
U7: "As a s-c-s developer, I'd like to create auto configuration for {{singlenode}} binder configuration/properties, so I can automatically configure the Spring application based on the dependencies."
U8: "As a s-c-d user, I'd like to have the option to support passing definition parameters into YARN container, so I can effectively use those _params_ within the module running inside the container."