The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer, I'd like to benchmark Rabbit performance so that I can use the results as reference to setup XD cluster."
U2: "As a developer, I'd like to have the high-level description for each of the modules so that I can use the description (presumably what is captured in javadoc for the module definition) to understand the purpose of the module itself. "
U3: "As a build manager, I'd like to have Spring XD RPMs published in spring.io repository so that users can directly download the bits without having to go through appsuite repo or the EULA.   *Location for 1.1.0 RELEASE:* http://repo.spring.io/libs-release-local/org/springframework/xd/spring-xd/1.1.0.RELEASE/"
U4: "As a user, I'd like to have the description for each of the modules so that I can use it to understand the module purpose and it's capabilities (presumably what is captured in javadoc for the module definition)."
U5: "As a developer, I'd like to bench Kafka as message bus using in-built perf-testing producer/consumer utilities so that I can use that as a foundation to build XD use-cases and measure performance.   I'd like to reproduce baseline performance metrics as identified by the Kafka [engineering team|https://engineering.linkedin.com/kafka/benchmarking-apache-kafka-2-million-writes-second-three-cheap-machines]."
U6: "As a developer, I'd like to document the changes to message headers so that users can refer to the troubleshooting section if there are any serialization errors when reusing the 1.0 batch-jobs in 1.1 release.  Perhaps this could be part of [troubleshooting|https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-xd/wiki/Deployment#troubleshooting] section in our wiki."
U7: "As a developer, I'd like to research and Identify the EC2 infrastructure required  so that I can run performance tests on Kafka. "
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to identify the Kafka configurations so that I could setup infrastructure to perform performance testing. "