The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer, I'd like to publish performance benchmarks along with the infrastructure specifics, so the users can use it as a reference while setting up Spring XD cluster. "
U2: "As a developer, I'd like a job module to be bootstrapped when the job is launched and shut down once it is complete instead of the current behavior of bootstrapping the context when the module is deployed regardless of if it's being used so that I can achieve better resource utilization."
U3: "As a user I need to know the Spark streaming features like adding tap at the spark module output and the examples need to be updated. The documentation also needs some more information on `Reliable` receiver."
U4: "As a user, I'd like to have the module/app specific metrics consumed directly from Boot actuator [export()|https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/blob/master/spring-boot-actuator/src/main/java/org/springframework/boot/actuate/autoconfigure/MetricRepositoryAutoConfiguration.java] API, so I can have insight on how it is performing, being used and that it works etc.  "
U5: "As a developer, I'd like to handle module options via pure boot property source management, so I can leverage Boot's module [METADATA|http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current-SNAPSHOT/reference/htmlsingle/#configuration-metadata] option to inject module options as opposed to maintaining them in core Spring XD runtime CP. "
U6: "As a developer, I'd like to have a central place to manage external properties for applications across all the environments, so I can provide server and client-side support for externalized configuration for XD-Admin and XD-Container servers. "
U7: "As a developer, I'd like to troubleshoot the performance issues with Rabbit as message bus implementation, so I can isolate the bottleneck and fix as appropriate."
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to migrate the current MASTER branch CI builds to EC2 instances, so I can manage them all in one-place reliably."