The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer, I'd like revisit the design to determine the necessity for _ID_ and _TimeStamp_ attributes in {{Tuple}}, so I can refactor in order to improve performance throughput."
U2: "As a developer, I'd like to document the Kryo optimization guidelines, so the end-users can refer to it while tuning to improve performance."
U3: "As a developer, I'd like to upgrade to Kafka 0.8.2, so I can leverage the latest features in order to test the performance characteristics."
U4: "As a developer, I'd like to create a Tuple _load-generator_, so I can use it to measure {{Tuple}} based payload performance. "
U5: "As a developer, I'd like to create a new _load-generator_, so I can use it to measure highly optimized (kryo serialized) payload to measure the performance differences. "
U6: "As a developer, I'd like to rerun _baseline_, _Tuple_, and _Serialized_ payloads, so I can compare the differences in performance between 0.8.1 and 0.8.2 Kafka releases.   Note: 1.1.1 > Benched against 0.8.1  1.2 > Benched against 0.8.2   "
U7: "As a developer, I'd like to document performance benchmark results along with the infrastructure specifics, so I can publish the blog for customers/users to use it as a reference while setting up Spring XD cluster."
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to study the state management requirements, so I can brainstorm and identify the design to natively add _stateful_ stream processing support in XD. "