The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a QA, I'd like to include acceptance test coverage for _Kafka_ as a message bus so that I can validate the functionality as part of every CI build."
U2: "As a user, I'd like to have concurrency and compression support for Kafka so that I can increase performance throughput and/or increase responsiveness  *Things to consider:* * make global configuration options be ""defaults"" and allow per-deployment overrides * add options for  ** concurrency ** compression support"
U3: "As a user, I'd like to have the option to _ACK_ messages so that I can guarantee that the message/request sent is successful. "
U4: "As a user, I'd like to have the option to implement _bindRequestor_ and _bindReplier_ so that I can ""bind a producer that expects async replies"" and ""bind a consumer that handles requests from a requestor and asynchronously sends replies"" respectively.   "
U5: "As a user, I'd like to have the option to setup _batching_ so that I can ingest data in batches as opposed to payload-at-a-time."
U6: "As a user, I'd like to have the option to _stop_ an existing Sqoop job so that I can clean-up resources at the time of completion."
U7: "As a user, I'd like to access Sqoop logs so that I can troubleshoot or evaluate the errors or current state respectively.   We will have to identify how to capture the Sqoop logs and stream them to our logging mechanism."
U8: "As a user, I'd like to incremental-data-load so that I can retrieve only rows newer than some previously-imported."