The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer, I want to be able to connect to multiple external systems for the same binding type, so that I can read data from a system and write it to another."
U2: "As an XD module developer I would like to use HDFS for my custom module location even when my namenode is configured for HA.   We had an issue filed in the `spring-xd-ambari` project:  ""It seems like custom module doesn't pickup namenode HA? and still use NameNodeProxies.createNonHAProxy?""  see: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-xd-ambari/issues/14"
U3: "As a Spring XD developer, I'd like to move {{cassandra}} module from XD to s-c-s repo, so I can use it as {{sink}} to build streaming pipeline."
U4: "As a Spring XD developer, I'd like to port {{analytic-pmml}} module from XD to s-c-s repo, so I can use it as {{processor}} module to build streaming pipeline."
U5: "As an XD user, I'd like to have a REST endpoint that returns job composition {{flag}}, so I can use it to differentiate visual representation between parent-child relationship and standalone jobs. "
U6: "As an XD user, I'd like to have a REST endpoint that returns job composition graph, so I can use it to build visual representation of parent-child relationship.  "
U7: "As an XD user, I'd like to be able to visually differentiate between job-composition workflow and single job."
U8: "As an XD user, I'd like to click to go the detail page of the job page whether or not the selected entity is singular or part of a composed job."