The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a user, I need the ability to configure Docker XD Containers so that I can link to external services such as _Rabbit, Redis, Zookeeper, Hadoop, Mongo, etc_.  Includes pointers to: * Linking/binding attributes * Environment variables "
U2: "As a user, I want to configure Docker XD Containers using Service Discovery so that I can have tools to manage how processes and services in a cluster can find and talk to one another."
U3: "As a user, I need to have the ability to create docker images via CI build so that I can build all the components/configurations I need into a Docker image, test it, and deploy the image to various environments. "
U4: "As a user, I need a document covering our recommendations for deploying a XD cluster using Mesos with the Marathon Framework. "
U5: "As a user, I'd like to evaluate Spring Boot dependency upgrades so that I can make sure there aren't any side effects or impacts to existing functionalities. "
U6: "As a user, I'd like to have the option to supply data partitioning strategy so that I can parallelize ingest of data from RDBMS to HDFS."
U7: "As a user, I'd like to have the option of _HDFS_ source module so that I can ingest data directly from HDFS file system."
U8: "As a user, I'd like to override the default ""commit-interval"" so that I can configure commit interval depending on data volume.  *Note:* This would apply for all OOTB jobs that has partition support. The property could be part of _servers.yml_ file."