The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a user, I'd like to refer to documentation in wiki so that I can configure the new sources, sinks and processor modules and as well as any new features. "
U2: "As a user, I want to be able to control the starting offset of the Kafka source when a stream is deployed, so that I can replay a topic if necessary.  Note: - starting offset is only considered when the stream is deployed - progress made by modules must survive their crash for a running stream - undeploying and redeploying a stream with a specific start offset will cause the stream to read again from the start   TBD: what happens when streams are undeployed/redeployed - where do they resume from?"
U3: "As a user, I want Spring XD to pre-allocate a set of partitions between the Kafka source modules when a stream is deployed, so that deployment is simpler, and rebalancing doesn’t take place. "
U4: "As a user, I want Spring XD’s message bus to be able to pre-allocate partitions between nodes when a stream is deployed, so that rebalancing doesn’t happen when a container crashes and/or it’s redeployed."
U5: "As a continuation, we would like to further investigate Spark, develop POC and identify the best appropriate design and implementation for XD."
U6: "As a user, I'd like to have a _reactor-stream_ processor module so that I can ingest data using XD source modules and process them as time-window operations.   *Example 1:* http | reactor-stream --timeWindow=10s --field=payload.sensorData --expressions=min,avg  This would give you 10 second time window of the min and avg values.  *Example 2:* Reactor as a module  *Example 3:* Integration with Spark streaming and reactor"
U7: "As a user, I'd like to have _microbatching_ capability so that I can ingest based on batch intervals for enhanced performance throughput.   *Example:* ""http --batchInterval=10 | log"""
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to setup a performance testing infrastructure (rackspace), so I can start benching Kafka baselines and continue with XD use-cases."