The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a follow up to XD-2877, experiment with the removal of the list of modules from BaseDefinition and reparse as needed.  Branch is here: https://github.com/<USER>spring-xd/tree/deploy-refactor-2"
U2: "As a user, I'd like to have the option of reliable HDFS writes (for stream pipelines), so I can get acknowledgement of actual HDFS _commits_ as opposed to just from the message bus."
U3: "As a developer, I’d like override the partition function within my source or processor module, so I can send the data to a specific partition."
U4: "As a user, I'd like to consume multiple topic-partitions, so I can have the option to consume from multiple data endpoints and still be able to serve the data via single queue."
U5: "As a Flo developer, I'd like to have a new DSL parser, so I can easily  detect incorrect module/option values when supplied from the Flo UI.  Example: MyStream = mail | log tap:stream:MyStream.bar > log  If parsed separately (which Flo UI does), the current parser endpoint will barf on the second stream because it doesn’t know about the first stream (MyStream). "
U6: "As a developer, I'd like to design and document the approach towards deploying stream in a single container, so I can have all modules within a stream colocated.  "
U7: "As a developer, I'd like to handle the non-default {{ConfigurableConversionService}} tuples in an uniform manner, so they're not reset after deserialization. "
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to benchmark a stream with and without {{JMX}} enabled, so I can test in isolation, and document the differences in performance."