The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer, I'd like to migrate the wiki to project repo so that it can be tagged with the code and versioned etc. "
U2: "As a user, I'd like to add the Hadoop _namenode_ specifics in a config file so that I don't have to incur the hassle of pointing to the _namenode_ location every time I open a new DSL session, but it is automatically configured. "
U3: "As a user, I'd like to use a _jdbchdfs_ batch job as a passthrough (without chunk processing) so that I don't have to incur the batch read/write overhead."
U4: "As a developer, I'd like to decouple execution context from job launch lifecycle so that we can avoid CL and serialization errors.   This fix needs to be formally applied in Spring Batch itself. XD will upgrade to Batch release in order to inherit this functionality; hence, the current workaround with XD-2486 needs reafctored. "
U5: "As a developer, I'd like to create a custom job module using Java Config so that I don't have to deal with XML configurations. While deploying/launching the following job, I get the error attached below.  {code:xml} job create --name CDK_Global --definition ""customBatchJob"" --deploy module upload --type job --name customBatchJob --file /Users/<USER>Documents/IntelliJWorkspace/CustomBatchModule/build/libs/CustomBatchModule-1.1.0.RELEASE.jar job launch --name CDK_Global {code}  *Error:* I'm getting an exception that the job doesn't exist asking if it's deployed"
U6: "As a developer, I'd like to continue XD-on-Lattice/Diego PoC, and will be focused on the design of a pluggable SPI, so it is more generally applicable than Lattice, with the Receptor API being just one implementation option. "
U7: "As a developer, I'd like to update all the module docs to also include _shortDescription_ so that it's available for users to learn more about the module."
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to host/read Python script (file) from HDFS, so I can use the shell processor in XD (on CF) to delegate data science functionality to Py runtime and receive the feedback back in XD."