The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a Azure user, I'd like to read/write data from Azure Event Hubs. so I can leverage the pub-sub service to process and analyze large volumes of data."
U2: "As a Spring XD user, I'd like to have IPython Notebook integration, so I can perform interactive data computations in real-time. "
U3: "As an operator, I'd like to upgrade to the latest releases of Spring XD and yet not lose the older installation {{dirs}}/{{files}}, so I can copy and reuse the previously used {{servers.yml}} configurations. "
U4: "As a s-c-s user, I'd like to have the option to direct bind _modules_, so I don't have to use messaging middleware and I can eliminate latency between them. This is important for high throughput and low latency use cases.   "
U5: "As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to establish the foundation to expose REST-APIs to interact with the {{xd-admin}} and likewise perform CRUD operations to maneuver streaming and batch pipelines. "
U6: "As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to create {[ModuleRegistry}} stubs, so I can create mock streams by interacting with the registry APIs."
U7: "As a s-c-s developer, I'd like to move {{spring-cloud-stream-modules}} from s-c-s to s-c repo, so I can cleanup s-c-s project and at the same time make these modules visible outside of s-c-s."
U8: "As a spring-cloud-data developer, I'd like to use an in-memory stream definition repository, so I don't have to spin up a store; obviously, this will not persist between application executions, but it will be useful for a simplified development experience. "