The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a user, I'd like to parameterize CodeGen Options, so I can generate code on the fly as needed.   "
U2: "As a user, I'd like to parameterize Merge Options, so I can incrementally consume the delta with the help of megastore.  "
U3: "As a user, I'd like to have an option to specify _timeout_, so I can expect the job to not run forever if it is in hung state."
U4: "As a users I would to be able to execute SQL Statement/Script via a Processor or Job statement."
U5: "As a user I want to be able to provide my own RowMapper<Tuple> implementation to enrich the jdbc data.   My use case requires me to add timestamp field and a delete flag field to records before they get written to HDFS. To do it, I have to implement a ItemReaderFactory and perhaps extend NameColumnJdbcItemReader. This is to override the afterPropertySet method to change the default implementation.  Otherwise I have to write my own Processor that can add these fields to Tuples, and since tuples are immutable I would have to recreate the tuples with additional fields in the processor. For large load this could be big overhead.  I would love to know any other technique to implement such a use case."
U6: "As a user, I'd like to have the ability to use expressions, so I can dynamically name directories/files based on the timestamp or other intermediate data point."
U7: "As as user I want to be able to escape delimiter character. Currently I cannot use this job oob to create CSVs that are usable in Hive/HAWQ because of unescaped delimiters.  "
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to refactor the programmatic means by which the MessageBus transforms the Message so throughput performance can be optimized. "