The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a user, I logged in with ROLE_CREATE and I get an error while trying job creation from admin_ui. I can create job from the shell successfully. Trying the same workflow with ROLE_ADMIN results with the same error as well. I don't see anything in the admin/container logs about the error itself. "
U2: "As a developer, I'd like to add support for explicit partition count configuration, so I can use this option to cleverly route the payload to the intended consumer (module)."
U3: "As a developer, I'd like to add support for dynamic partition subscription for the Kafka source module, so I can consume the payload from dynamic partitions."
U4: "As a user, I'd like to have an option to have the hdfs sink use ""Syncable"" writes to provide better resiliency in the case of sink/container failures. I'm willing to accept the performance penalty if I choose this option. "
U5: "As a user, I'd like to have an option to have the hdfs sink not use a temporary inUseSuffix like .tmp. Instead we should write using the filename specified directly. This could be useful if we use ""Syncable"" writes and the sink fails while the file is open. Without this new option the user would have to explicitly rename the file."
U6: "As a user, I'd like to also have the capability to upload the custom module through maven/gradle targets, so I can automate the installation of custom module fragments."
U7: "As a user, I'd like to have the option to version the custom modules, so I can evolve the custom module fragments in increments and be able to roll-out upgrades seamlessly."
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to certify Spring XD against PHD 3.0, so I can synchronize with the latest ODP based bits. "