The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a user, I'd like to have the option of _batching_ for the Rabbit _sink_ so that I can write data in batches as opposed to one-at-a-time. "
U2: "As a user, I'd like to have a gradle build option so that I can support module projects that will declare the Spring XD dependencies as provided, configure the boot plugin for 'MODULE' layout and other boilerplate build configuration.  This is dependent on Boot's module layout scoping issue: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/issues/2187"
U3: "As a QA, I'd like to include acceptance test coverage for hdfs-dataset module so that I can validate the functionality as part of every CI build."
U4: "As a user, I'd like to have the option to extend compression support so that I can override the defaults and customize as needed.  Follow-up from this PR: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-xd/pull/1346"
U5: "As a performance tester, I'd like to rerun baseline benchmarks with batching enabled on Rabbit so that I can compare the results with previous performance snapshots.   Note: - batchingEnabled = true - batchingSize = 100 (default)  We could also vary default size to compute and record at granular level. "
U6: "As a performance tester, I'd like to re-run baseline benchmarks with compression enabled on Rabbit so that I can compare the results with previous performance snapshots. "
U7: "As a user, I'd like to have an option to disable DB requirement so that I can setup to use DIRT runtime when stream processing is the only requirement."
U8: "As a user, I'd like to implement the core interface contract so that I can create a processor module that uses RxJava API."