The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a user, I'd like to mass ingest data from databases (and others) into HDFS/HAWQ/GPDB so that I don't have to write custom code and as well as be able to ingest in an efficient way."
U2: "As a user, I'd like to use Kafka source through simple consumer API (as opposed to high-level) so that I can gain full control to offsets and partition assignment deterministically.  *Spike scope*: - Study simple consumer API functionality - Document findings, approach and next steps"
U3: "As a user, I'd like to push the custom module (built as uber-jar) via a REST API so that I can install the custom module in cluster. "
U4: "As a user, I'd like to have a sample app (GitHub project) so that I can use it as a reference while provisioning Spring XD cluster with Kafka.  Consider: * Kafka as message bus * Kafka as source  "
U5: "As a user, I'd like to have a _generator_ source module so that I can create a number of messages of a specified size (similar to Rabbit's PerfTest utility).  Example: generator --numMsgs 10000 --msgSize 1024 --numThreads 1 "
U6: "As a user, I'd like to have a _perf-meter_ sink that will collect and push metrics to the standard container log file.    Example: perf-meter --numMsgs 1000  Will write to the container log a timestamp, message count, and message rate every 1000 messages.  The message rate is the value since the last log event.  Default values are those specified above. "
U7: "As a user, I'd like to create a stream such as _generator | perf-meter_ so that I can ingest 1M messages of 1000 bytes and one thread using XD's 'singlenode' container and measure performance characteristics."
U8: "As a PM, I'd like to have test coverage for both Kafka source and sink modules so that we can assert its functionality as part of the CI builds. "