The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a QA, I'd like to include acceptance test coverage for _json-tuple_ processor module so that I can validate the functionality as part of every CI build. "
U2: "As a QA, I'd like to include acceptance test coverage for both _script_ and _scripts_ processor modules so that I can validate the functionality as part of every CI build. "
U3: "As a QA, I'd like to include acceptance test coverage for _splitter_ processor module so that I can validate the functionality as part of every CI build. "
U4: "As a QA, I'd like to include acceptance test coverage for _gauge_ sink module so that I can validate the functionality as part of every CI build. "
U5: "As a QA, I'd like to include acceptance test coverage for _aggregate-counter_ sink module so that I can validate the functionality as part of every CI build. "
U6: "As a QA, I'd like to include acceptance test coverage for _field-value-counter_ sink module so that I can validate the functionality as part of every CI build. "
U7: "As a QA, I'd like to include acceptance test coverage for _hdfs-dataset_ sink module so that I can validate the functionality as part of every CI build. "
U8: "As a QA, I'd like to include acceptance test coverage for _mail_ sink module so that I can validate the functionality as part of every CI build. "