The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a user, I'd like to migrate from 1.0 to 1.1 and be able to port my custom modules so that I can operationalize existing data pipelines and also take advantage of latest XD features."
U2: "As a user, I'd like to refer to a Pig script/job sample so that I can use that as a reference to integrate Pig jobs in XD."
U3: "As a user, I'd like to build XD in Windows machine so that I can develop, test,  and contributed to OSS."
U4: "As a developer, I'd like to run acceptance test coverage in Windows so that I can evaluate XD functionalities.  The scope is to provision Windows image in EC2 and run acceptance test in the environment. Potentially also try to create this as CI build."
U5: "As a developer, I'd like to build _Spark Streaming_ as data processors in XD so that we can demonstrate some of the capabilities.  *Implement using:* * Java / Java Lambdas * Scala"
U6: "As a PM, I'd like to have the copyright message in the reference guide (PDF) updated to include 2015 instead of 2014. "
U7: "As a developer, I'd like to upgrade to Kafka's SI GA release so that I can sync -up with the latest bits.   The scope is to backport Kafka XD changes to SI Kafka and then upgrade to the GA release."
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to upgrade to SHDP GA release so that I can sync -up with the latest bits. "