The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As an user, I'd like to have a native _JDBC_ source module to ingest data directly from various databases. "
U2: "As an user, I'd like to have the ability to ingest data into _Redis_ sink."
U3: "As an Ops, I'd like to setup security for the ZK nodes, so I could restrict access to zNodes to the right users/apps. "
U4: "As a developer, I'd like to have the option of extending the Trigger abstraction so that I can implement my own trigger.    "
U5: "As a user, I'd like to have guidance to create custom modules so that I can align the development practices with recommended approach.   11/20: Update: Scope of this task is to create an example to demonstrate and document the capability."
U6: "As a user, I'd like to have the option to write into _Kafka_ sink so that I can publish mass data into Kafka broker."
U7: "As a result of fixing XD-2015 we still cannot execute:  {code} grunt test:e2e {code}  Basically running the tests AND the server together in one process fails. We see the following error: *Fatal error: socket hang up*.  If we separate the protractor execution into 2 separate steps, the tests pass:  {code} grunt serve (one console window) grunt protractor:run (second console window) {code}  In the *grunt serve* window, you can still observe *Fatal error: socket hang up* being printed out but the tests execute successfully.   "
U8: "As a user, I'd like to have the option to enable HTTPS so that I can access XD's Admin server [endpoints|https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-xd/wiki/REST-API#xd-resources] over secured communication.  Technical Implementation:  This functionality is available in Spring Boot 1.2.0 M1 and has been backported into the 1.1.x branch to be released under Spring 1.1.7.  We can test against 1.1.7 SNAPSHOT.  Working through the way to update the build file to pick up a new version of boot is a bit tricky :("