The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer, I'd like to rerun _baseline_, _Tuple_, and _Serialized_ payloads, so I can compare the differences in performance between 0.8.1 and 0.8.2 Kafka releases.   Sinks to be included in test: In-Memory Transport > Hdfs sink Direct Binding Transport > Hdfs Sink Kafka > Hdfs Sink"
U2: "As a developer, I'd like to upgrade to 2.0.3 release of Reactor, so I can inherit the latest optimizations to further improve XD performance characteristics. "
U3: "As a developer, I'd like to have JMX turned-off by default, so I can take advantage of the performance throughput benefits. "
U4: "As a XD build master, I'd like to fix (local ./gradlew dist and distZip targets) the outstanding build issues, so I can evaluate that publish builds works as expected. "
U5: "As a developer, I'd like to clean-up compiler and javadoc warnings from the build, so we don't see  the warnings in build sysout."
U6: "As a user, I'd like to start multiple instances of {{xd-container}}'s through the RPM scripts, so I can easily spin-up instances on the same node/vm."
U7: "As a user, I'd like to refer to OOTB batch jobs and the documentation, so I can jump to the right job section and review details. "
U8: "As a user, I'd like to refer to the analytics tab docs, so I can understand how to use various widgets from streaming pipeline.  "