The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer, I'd like to complete the remaining work with DEBS challenge, so I can submit by the deadline."
U2: "As a developer, I'd like to add a new CI build to include _install_ target, so I can verify the target expectations, as it is often time consuming to verify it in the development environment."
U3: "As a developer, I'd like to have the XD + Kafka POC published in samples repo, so I can include it as reference architecture for the XD blog."
U4: "As a developer, I'd like to revisit performance benchmarks with new improvements, so I can verify the optimizations around _jdbchdfs_."
U5: "As a developer, I'd like to bench test cases around {{TupleBuilder}}, so I can identify the bottlenecks and tune for performance optimizations. "
U6: "As a developer, I'd like to have a simplified UX around parameters for GPDB, so I don't have to escape each parameter. The scope is also to test the Sqoop job with SQLServer and GPDB to identify the UX differences."
U7: "As a developer, I'd like to migrate module deployment from the ""repository"" abstraction (used for stream/job definitions), so I can create it as a pluggable runtime SPI."
U8: "As a developer, I'd like to build isolated Boot-based {{ModuleRunner}} for use in container-managed environments, so I can run XD without the hard requirement for running _xd-containers_."