The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a developer, I'd like to integrate with Spring Data repository that's backed by Kafka _changelog_, so I can leverage the benefits of local data affinity (off-heap) in order to run stateful stream processing logic. "
U2: "As a developer, I'd like to add support to _flush_ offsets intelligently, so I can reliably process streams based on successful message acknowledgements from the module-producer. "
U3: "As a developer, I'd like to add support to _flush_ state intelligently, so I can reliably process streams based on successful message acknowledgements from the module-producer. "
U4: "As a developer, I'd like to have the option of CoAP source module, so I can consume data using bandwidth efficient protocol that fits in constrained embedded environment."
U5: "As a user, I'd like to refer to the documentation to configure the properties file, so I can use it as recommended to represent the deployment manifest."
U6: "As a user, I'd like to run the sqoop jobs against secured hdfs cluster, so I can restrict access to only authorized users. "
U7: "As a user, I'd like to use the Java receptor client, so I can interact with Diego runtime using the Java receptor REST APIs."
U8: "As a user, I'd like to use Boot-based {{ModuleRunner}} for use in container-managed environments, so I can run XD without _xd-containers_.  Scope: * Complete the remaining deployment properties work"