The Spring Framework is an application framework and inversion of control container for the Java platform. The framework's core features can be used by any Java application, but there are extensions for building web applications on top of the Java EE (Enterprise Edition) platform. The framework does not impose any specific programming model. The framework has become popular in the Java community as an addition to the Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) model. The Spring Framework is free and open-source software. Spring makes it easy to create Java enterprise applications. It provides everything you need to embrace the Java language in an enterprise environment, with support for Groovy and Kotlin as alternative languages on the JVM, and with the flexibility to create many kinds of architectures depending on an application’s needs. As of Spring Framework 6.0, Spring requires Java 17+.
Spring supports a wide range of application scenarios. In a large enterprise, applications often exist for a long time and have to run on a JDK and application server whose upgrade cycle is beyond developer control. Others may run as a single jar with the server embedded, possibly in a cloud environment. Yet others may be standalone applications (such as batch or integration workloads) that do not need a server.
Spring is open source. It has a large and active community that provides continuous feedback based on a diverse range of real-world use cases. This has helped Spring to successfully evolve over a very long time.

The user stories (requirements) are:
U1: "As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to add support to deploy YARN App into HDFS automatically, so I can have the {{xd-admin}} orchestrate overall deployment by leveraging the manifest to deploy where and with what assets."
U2: "As an s-c-d developer, I'd like to add support to negotiate with the ResourceManager REST-APIs to deploy modules by groups. so I can build instrumentation to start the App instances automatically. Perhaps also take into account of the App specifics such as  {{appType=CLOUDDATA}} and {{appName=spring-cloud-data-yarn-app}}. "
U3: "As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to support multiple app instances: * This is simply to make controlling app instances more clever. Potentially we could use deployment properties to define different yarn app instances like:  {code} cloud-data:>stream deploy --name ticktock --properties ""module.*.yarn.app.name=app""   cloud-data:>stream deploy --name ticktock --properties ""module.time.yarn.app.name=app"" {code}  * Motivation to this is that different yarn apps can have different queues and priorities. Yarn administrator can define that some app queues have higher priority to reserve resources from  * Using deployment properties like this allows to customize runtime parameters like how much we try to reserve mem/cpu for modules, etc."
U4: "As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to make the deployer work asynchronously, so I can use the shell to return quickly and also queue deploy operations within YARN as tasks."
U5: "As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to experiment how do we resolve and then add module dependent JAR's to Boot loader, so I have an approach to handle external libraries required by OOTB modules. "
U6: "As a s-c-s developer, I'd like to refactor the current {{ModuleLauncher}} contract with Boot's {{JarLauncher}} API, so we don't have to maintain duplicate functionality."
U7: "As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to complete documentation and test-cases on resolving and adding JAR's to Boot loader, so we could use this as a reference while porting modules with external dependencies. "
U8: "As a s-c-d developer, I'd like to add support to add external libraries, so I can consume such dependencies for modules in an uniform way."